c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\Warden.Mvc.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\Warden.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\obj\Debug\Warden.Mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\obj\Debug\Warden.Mvc.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\obj\Debug\Warden.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\Warden.Mvc.dll.config
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Mvc\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
