c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Web.dll.config
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Web.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Web.pdb
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\obj\Debug\Warden.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\obj\Debug\Warden.Web.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\obj\Debug\Warden.Web.pdb
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Mvc.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\o.kotvytskyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Web.dll.config
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Web.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Web.pdb
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\obj\Debug\Warden.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\obj\Debug\Warden.Web.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\obj\Debug\Warden.Web.pdb
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Business.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.ExternalDataProvider.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Core.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Business.pdb
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.ExternalDataProvider.pdb
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Core.pdb
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Search.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.Search.pdb
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\NHibernate.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.DataProvider.dll
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\o.kotvytskyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Warden-Git\Warden\Warden.Web\bin\Warden.DataProvider.pdb
